>> Shirley Wu: So this is the one
we'll be talking about next.
And then again, don't worry about
copying down all of the code,
cuz all of the code is
in the full version.
So this one,
I want to talk about this one next.
Again, the radial chart is
made out of 365 paths and
we just need to figure
out the path to draw, and
like you saw in the very first exercise,
that path is really,
really ugly if we have to generate it
ourselves, and so, D3's got you covered.
D3 has this thing called D3.ARC,
and the arc generator,
that works pretty much very
similar to D 3.line, But
this time around what we want to do is
give the arc generator a data set, or
sorry, give the arc generator
instead of an array of data points,
we want to give it an object
of just one data point.
And then, D3.ARC generator,
always always wants an inner radius,
an outer radius, a start angle, and
an end angle to draw its arc.
>> Shirley Wu: So
this one is pretty commonly used for
pie charts.
>> Shirley Wu: And so,
the most common example for it,
is a pie chart like this where you give
it a start angle, an end angle.
Can you see that?
For example, for this slice,
you give it this start angle, and
then this end angle, and you give it
an inner radius, which in this case is 0,
and then an outer radius, however big you
want it to be, or, in the donut case,
it's a, whatever this inter radius,
and then outer radius, and
it just calculates the string for you,
so it calculates one of these strings.
And so for
us what we want is we just tell it our
inner radius, outer radius, start angle,
end angle, pass in that data object, and
it gives us back the string
that draws that pie slice.
So, let's again, give that a try